Add tutorial (#421)
pester/docs: tutorial/2-testing-a-module/5-output.mdx

```powershell
$config.Output.Verbosity = 'Detailed'
Invoke-Pester -Configuration $config
```

```
Pester v6.0.0

Running tests from 4 files.

Running tests from '/home/you/pester-tutorial/Planetarium/Private/ConvertTo-AstronomicalUnit.Tests.ps1'
Describing ConvertTo-AstronomicalUnit
  [+] Is not exported from the module 42ms
  [+] Converts one astronomical unit of kilometres to 1 19ms
  [+] Rounds to three decimal places 3ms

Running tests from '/home/you/pester-tutorial/Planetarium/Private/Test-PlanetName.Tests.ps1'
Describing Test-PlanetName
  [+] Accepts Mercury 16ms
  [+] Accepts Earth 2ms
  [+] Accepts Neptune 2ms
  [+] Rejects Pluto 2ms
...
Tests completed in 536ms
Tests Passed: 15, Failed: 0, Skipped: 0, Inconclusive: 0, NotRun: 0
```

This is the view that makes your test *names* matter. Read those three `Accepts` lines — that is the `-ForEach` block from the previous page, and `<_>` is why each case is named after its own data instead of appearing three times as `Accepts <_>`.

Reach for `Diagnostic` when a test is behaving impossibly and you need to see Pester's discovery and mock decisions. It is a firehose; do not start there.

## The result object

> Printed output is for humans. When you need the numbers in code — a release gate, a summary comment, a custom report — ask for the result object instead:

Author: ```suggestion
Printed output is for humans. When you want to process the result in code, for a release gate, a summary comment, a custom report — ask for the result object instead:
```

```powershell
$config = New-PesterConfiguration
$config.Run.Path = './Planetarium'
$config.Run.PassThru = $true

$result = Invoke-Pester -Configuration $config

"Result: $($result.Result)"
"Passed: $($result.PassedCount)  Failed: $($result.FailedCount)  Total: $($result.TotalCount)"
"Duration: $($result.Duration)"
```

```
Result: Passed
Passed: 15  Failed: 0  Total: 15
Duration: 00:00:00.4371584
```

`Run.PassThru` is what makes `Invoke-Pester` return anything — without it you get output on screen and nothing you can act on.

Every test is reachable through `$result.Tests`, which is how you build your own reporting:

```powershell
$result.Tests |
    Where-Object Result -eq 'Failed' |

>     Select-Object Name, @{ Name = 'Error'; Expression = { $_.ErrorRecord.Exception.Message } }

Author: ```suggestion
$result.Tests |
    Select-Object Name, Result, @{ Name = 'Error'; Expression = { $_.ErrorRecord.Exception.Message } }
```

```

[The result object](../../docs/usage/result-object) documents the full structure.

## Test result files

> The third audience is other tools. CI systems do not read console output — they read a test results file, and use it to render the run and annotate failures.

Author: ```suggestion
The third audience is other tools like CI systems and automated reporting solutions. They prefer test results file in popular formats, which they can use to annotate failures and render reports.
```
